hello we was welcome to home cooking
with me Hema Subramanian today's recipe
is a lovely fish curry is sailfish in
tomato gravy let's take a look at the
ingredients first I'm going to blanch
the tomatoes what is already hot and
boiling gently place it into the hot
water
tomatoes are blanched they ready do you
remove them peel the skin off and you
need to blend it in a blender
cool it first and then blend it
sly some turmeric powder and salt both
sides of the fish pieces let it sit for
about 10 minutes take a nice wide up
saucepan while making a fish curry take
about 1 to 2 tablespoons of coconut oil
you actually get coconut oil for cooking
purposes you can buy that so this adds 3
curry leaves I am just going to slightly
pound the garlic just get those juices
out now add the garlic after a minute
add 3 onions I'm getting this lovely
aroma of coconut oil curry leaves and
garlic now what more do you need for a
lovely fish curry next add the onions
saute them till they're nice and brown
the onions are nice and brown add 2
teaspoons of cumin powder chili paste 2
TSP now you can add the tomato puree add
the salt
now I'm going to gently place the fish
into that tomato gravy
afterwards seven to eight minutes just
turn the pieces over gently the fish has
been cooking for about 15 minutes now
I'm going to add the tamarind spirit I'm
going to add a little coconut oil just a
film turning off her stove like a
drizzle fish curry is done now I'm going
to turn off the stove and just garnish
it with a few coriander leaves okay I
think I'm gonna take a break and have an
early lunch we have a surprise guest on
a show today it's the great and
wonderful dance master Sara she's been
in the South Indian film industry for
many many years and she is here today to
taste our dish and give her wonderful
feedback
subscribe to us on our YouTube channel
and also follow us on Facebook